hello today it's us that you
do not show any breaks today we are going
to talk about brands and
business
so that I have my place of cassel
focus do you furnish good today
I will tell you about the brands of
logos and businesses it's this is
the trade to the cable or him there
not a announcing as dirty but
something that hit me at the level
neymar when we have closer
some brands
it's really anything
for example alge the logos is supposed
to represent a face but fucking that is
face like that you make me sir
you have theirs how do you call
louis gautier lg thank you I have an idea a
idea otherwise there is also
in fact according to the mystery yellow games
Olympic Games but after they
converted into the automobile what
gave us that
let's talk now she can be strong
matic vlc simplon no but wait
stop a stud how they found
only purpose they are cons to the patrols
new local software pole yeah
yeah
playboy is the proof since when she
not exciting enough I like them
I believe that before adidas was based on
the wifi terminal there is a real bath they get
are made to buy by the Jamaicans
he has the look has to change and to
carpentras ok go go my because
you came for the joys of the new
new such remarks
actually the little bit of my players do
proof the old logo takes you from
again we have made a very happy step
and when comes the time of the chain of
services to the lady
if I tell you swatch and that I small
red cross that has almost no
difference they may have final years
you see this child had come to the
save for a swatch watch buy
it does not need supping so eh ben say
this is a message from the red cross to
singing birds nan but seriously a
bird if against auchan twitter
playboy is still full of others
marks that I will not mention ben is a
World Zoofilms group 1 when
see that what I think about a personal
compass but not m will come looking
to go north I saw your
life of the compass application takes there
it's not a postal application it's
a web browser then France Telecom
it tells me something
if roanne the logo closer to his end and
a work okay is suicidal little
friend's advice
if a player is looking for a job do not go
not at
those are it's good hello I'm
job seeker i came to you
see also good sir boyer after
to have left your CV I think I can
have a job at france telecom there or
in words to the job if we look at the
logo its a planet
ladies and gentlemen good evening
today the taught more we are
in the company of mister pitiful redhead
hello after two successful capelette
monkeys
you come back scanner with the planet of
unemployed can you explain to us
your movie yes a this movie is from
news feed given the number of unemployed
who appealed on Thursday
mowing do like the last the
planet of the unemployed the cds like that and
it promises it promises excerpts from the worries
who was shooting on a distant planet
where the round unemployment of zengin know
not what awaits them
there is a man named paul to change
all this and it's but these here the beginning
of the history of employment pole comes from
undergo
since I am small I know local
like a family member but I
know aka marked the belong I know where
find it but never really knew this
that they introduced me to fucking I just
understand everyone says she
got orange its level no but
what is this brothel not know
their story
nana na na na once upon a time sir
has become an emanating yellow pages
he knows but very very very very very
very strong and make a child and who
was called small at the role is better
for the end
the cow who laughs no but serious what
a laughing cow already stalled red if in
the more she laughs and we dare to say it there is
no chemicals in the
cheese is to ask my student
cows now so if you too
you ask yourself questions about the dead
that i can like to share the video me
join on my facebook page where my
page to the sprinters and you can also
watch the video